Getting started guides for Kyma (#9296)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/serverless/08-02-expose-function.md

    ```bash
    curl https://$NAME.$DOMAIN
    ```

>    >**NOTE:** If you are using Minikube, make sure that you've added the endpoint to the Minikube IP entry in the `/etc/hosts` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   >**NOTE:** If you are using Minikube, make sure that you've added the domain name to the Minikube IP entry in the `/etc/hosts` file.
```
It's not an endpoint, it's a hostname/a domain name. See also [this comment](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/pull/9296/files#r481078607).

    </details>
    <details>
    <summary label="ui">

>     UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Console UI
```
Refer to [this comment](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/pull/9296#discussion_r478304363).

    curl https://$NAME.$DOMAIN
    ```

>    >**CAUTION:** If you have a Minikube cluster, you must first add its IP address mapped to the exposed Kubernetes Service to the `hosts` file on your machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **CAUTION:** If you have a Minikube cluster, you must first add its IP address mapped to the hostname of the exposed Function to the `hosts` file on your machine.
```
I think it's `Function` here. See the title of the doc.

7. Check if you can access the Function by selecting the HTTPS link under the **Host** column for the newly created API Rule.

>     >**CAUTION:** If you have a Minikube cluster, you must first add its IP address mapped to the exposed Kubernetes Service to the `hosts` file on your machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **CAUTION:** If you have a Minikube cluster, you must first add its IP address mapped to the hostname of the exposed Function to the `hosts` file on your machine.
```
I think it's `Function` here. See the name of the doc.
